Proposed a "recipe" for speaking at VanJS. (#2)
cambiecollective/vanjs: SPEAKING.md

- Hard-won lessons make good talks as well. If your team tried something, and it was hard – whether it succeeded or failed – you likely learned something you could share.
- Topic variation is a key theme of VanJS. There are React meetups and CSS meetups and Ember meetups, but at VanJS we have a chance to show different topics from month to month, and pair up topics on different technologies, and feature some “softer” topics about software engineering more generally. 

## Advanced vs. Beginner Content
- It’s more enjoyable to see a talk that blows your mind and inspires you to learn more, than it is to see a talk that’s boring because you already know the content. With that in mind, we encourage presenters to aim for talks with intermediate or senior developers in mind.
- Even though VanJS content is most often aimed at intermediate developers, VanJS is an inclusive event and we get lots of bright and aspiring new developers attending. Speakers should not condescend new developers or people coming from different development backgrounds.

## Speakers

> - VanJS has not done a good enough job on speaker diversity historically, so in our outreach it’s worth putting in extra effort to contact potential speakers who may be from underrepresented groups in tech. More diverse speakers bring out more diverse audiences, which is good for the group and Vancouver’s tech community as a whole.

Reviewer: Making a suggestion that we switch from language describing our intent to what we're actually doing :)

I also put in a line for people who want reasons for supporting diversity.

```suggestion
- VanJS has not done a good enough job on speaker diversity historically, so we are putting in extra effort to contact potential speakers who may be from underrepresented groups in tech. Diverse talent adds strength and resilience to the creative process. More diverse speakers bring out more diverse audiences, which is good for the group and Vancouver’s tech community as a whole.
```
